Hey everybody.
Welcome to the first lecture of Boost
Your Income with Bootstrap to WordPress.
I'm your instructor Brad Hussey.
Hang on tight.
[MUSIC]
All right, hey everybody.
First of all I want to welcome you
to the course and thank you so
much for signing up.
I truly appreciate it.
Let me tell you why you
made the right decision for
choosing me and this course, Boost your
Income with Bootstrap to WordPress.
I've spent a whole block of time,
hours and hours and
hours, putting this course together.
And I've spent even more hours learning
these skills throughout my career, so
that I could put it together
in this course for you.
The reason why I want to teach you this is
because, not only is it just a really fun,
cool skill to learn.
Learning to code or learning how to
create a website and, you know, and
develop a WordPress website.
Sure, that's great.
But, just learning how to code
a website in Bootstrap and
how to code a WordPress website,
standalone those are just skills.
They're just stand alone.
There's nothing really
important about that.
What's really special about those
skills when you put them together and
then when you take them in this course is
you can significantly increase you income.
You can improve your life by knowing
how to do what I'm about to
teach you in this course.
Why are you wondering that?
Well whether you're a freelance designer,
an entrepreneur, an employee for
a company, code hobbyist or
just looking for
a new career, this course gives
you an immensely valuable skill.
That will enable you to either
make money on the side.
So that you can save up for that Hawaiian
vacation that you've been wanting.
Help pay off your debt, your car, your
mortgage or simply just to have some bonus
cash laying around or
to create a full time income.
WordPress developers, they have options.
Menu developers, they make a generous
living, creating custom WordPress themes
and selling them on
websites like Theme Forest.
Freelance designers and developers can
also take on WordPress projects and
then make an extra one to five thousand
a month, that's pretty awesome.
So yes, we're going to learn
how to code a website,
a responsive website in boot strap and
we're going to make it
dynamic with the content management system
using WordPress and that's awesome.
But where the goods really come into play
is that when you're done this course,
you can make your money back
tenfold in a single project.
You could create a career out of this.
You can improve your current career.
You can get a raise at your job,
or you can get a better job.
You can stop waiting tables
if you're actor, and
you can take on side jobs
as a web developer, and
make way more money than you would
ever make serving espressos or pizza.
So what I'm trying to say here is you
made the right decision, because,
one, you're learning a really neat skill.
Bootstrap and WordPress,
web development, that's awesome.
But, two.
You're going to have a valuable skill that
you will have with you forever, as long
as you keep it up to date I suppose, but
you could take that and change your life.
It's changed my life.
And, I wanna share that with you in the
form of a really well structured course.
So I hope I live up to my excitement.
Obviously you can do what
you wish with the course.
You can take the course and
leave a review and say great,
that was fun brushing up
on my bootstrap skills.
Or you can take it and
run and significantly
improve your quality of life,
your income, or just have a lot of fun.
So, yeah,
I really hope you love this course.
I've designed it in a way
that you will love it, and
if you don't, if it doesn't live up to
your expectations, or my excitement, then,
well, you have 30 days here
to just get your money back.
So there really is no risk.
I'm excited to teach you.
Let's jump in.
[MUSIC].